Hi, my name is Kip and I'm here on behalf
of Expert Village. In this step of making
homemade cinnamon rolls we are going to combine
our ingredients. Now if you are going to combine
your ingredients using the help of a kitchen
aide mixing bowl such as this with the dough
hook. Then I don't worry about beating the
egg before hand, I just combine it all together
and go ahead and mix the dough. If you are
not going to use something, some type of power
dough mixture then you want to make sure that
you break the egg and beat it well before
you combine all the ingredients. There again
I'm going to use the help of a kitchen aide
and a dough hook. So we would start by adding
our mix and it is slightly warm from scolding
it. To scold milk you just simply put it on
the stove and watch it very carefully and
just as it starts to boil and stir it constantly.
You don't want to burn it, you just want the
edge of burning then remove it from the heat.
Add your salt, add your sugar, add your shorten,
add your egg,
add your yeast. There again often times it
is not a bad idea to actually take a small
dish as such as this one and add your yeast
and a little bit of the warm milk and a little
sugar to that and stir that up. Let that get
all foamy. There again especially if you are
not using a piece of equipment that would
give you a little bit of hand cause that dough
hook would also help to warm the dough. Also
to help it to rise. Now, when it comes to
the flour you are not going to want to put
all the flour in there, hold back a half a
cup or so. It is not really precise so I can
just take this bowl and dump a good portion
of this in. I'm going to say about that much
out of it, there may be about a cup, let me
put a little bit more in there. We would use
that as we beat the dough if it looks too
sticky you can add a little bit more flour
to it until it has the consistency that we
are looking for. So this point we are ready
to actually take our kitchen aide and dough
hook and begin to mix out dough.